c:\users\user\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\zakat_fitrah\zakat_fitrah\obj\Debug\zakat_fitrah.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\user\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\zakat_fitrah\zakat_fitrah\obj\Debug\zakat_fitrah.Form1.resources
c:\users\user\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\zakat_fitrah\zakat_fitrah\obj\Debug\zakat_fitrah.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\user\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\zakat_fitrah\zakat_fitrah\obj\Debug\zakat_fitrah.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\user\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\zakat_fitrah\zakat_fitrah\bin\Debug\zakat_fitrah.exe.config
c:\users\user\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\zakat_fitrah\zakat_fitrah\bin\Debug\zakat_fitrah.exe
c:\users\user\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\zakat_fitrah\zakat_fitrah\bin\Debug\zakat_fitrah.pdb
c:\users\user\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\zakat_fitrah\zakat_fitrah\bin\Debug\mysql.data.dll
c:\users\user\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\zakat_fitrah\zakat_fitrah\bin\Debug\mysql.data.entity.dll
c:\users\user\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\zakat_fitrah\zakat_fitrah\bin\Debug\mysql.visualstudio.dll
c:\users\user\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\zakat_fitrah\zakat_fitrah\bin\Debug\mysql.web.dll
c:\users\user\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\zakat_fitrah\zakat_fitrah\bin\Debug\Microsoft.VisualStudio.Shell.Interop.dll
c:\users\user\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\zakat_fitrah\zakat_fitrah\bin\Debug\Microsoft.VisualStudio.OLE.Interop.dll
c:\users\user\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\zakat_fitrah\zakat_fitrah\bin\Debug\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TextManager.Interop.dll
c:\users\user\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\zakat_fitrah\zakat_fitrah\bin\Debug\Microsoft.VisualStudio.Shell.Interop.8.0.dll
c:\users\user\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\zakat_fitrah\zakat_fitrah\bin\Debug\EnvDTE80.dll
c:\users\user\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\zakat_fitrah\zakat_fitrah\bin\Debug\EnvDTE.dll
c:\users\user\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\zakat_fitrah\zakat_fitrah\bin\Debug\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TextManager.Interop.8.0.dll
c:\users\user\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\zakat_fitrah\zakat_fitrah\bin\Debug\Microsoft.MSXML.dll
c:\users\user\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\zakat_fitrah\zakat_fitrah\bin\Debug\Microsoft.VisualStudio.Shell.Interop.9.0.dll
c:\users\user\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\zakat_fitrah\zakat_fitrah\bin\Debug\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TextManager.Interop.10.0.dll
c:\users\user\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\zakat_fitrah\zakat_fitrah\bin\Debug\Microsoft.VisualStudio.ProjectAggregator.dll
c:\users\user\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\zakat_fitrah\zakat_fitrah\bin\Debug\Microsoft.VisualStudio.VSHelp.dll
c:\users\user\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\zakat_fitrah\zakat_fitrah\bin\Debug\stdole.dll
c:\users\user\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\zakat_fitrah\zakat_fitrah\obj\Debug\zakat_fitrah.exe
c:\users\user\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\zakat_fitrah\zakat_fitrah\obj\Debug\zakat_fitrah.pdb
c:\users\user\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\zakat_fitrah\zakat_fitrah\obj\Debug\zakat_fitrah.Login.resources
